this is a video by rich pin today we're
working on a 1998 Saturn SL no this
vehicle is ten years old and what we're
going to be doing is we're going to be
removing the brake fluid in the clutch
reservoir what happens is that of course
the brake fluid can absorb moisture in
over ten years
there could be moisture in the fluid now
where that would give you problems is in
the wintertime when it gets very cold
out that fluid could freeze and give you
problems so what we're going to do is
we're going to remove as much as we can
and put new fluid in now to remove the
fluid out of the reservoir we're going
to be using a just a regular turkey
baster here now what I've got here is a
limiting ring on here and if you don't
have anything like this just mark about
three-quarters of an inch from the end
of the pipe or whatever you have on the
end of your turkey baster and that will
limit the amount that we can pull out of
the reservoir it's recorded of an inch
right there
now before you take the cap off the
reservoir here make sure it's nice and
cleaned so you don't knock any dirt in
there
and watch out for this cable here that
runs to the hood and then you can take
the cap right off now you need a
container to put your fluid in and just
go right in there
okay take a little bit more out okay
that's enough now when you put your
fluid in make sure you use some dot
three fluid I've got alarm funnel here
there it is
about a quarter of an inch from the top
give it a little space now before you
put the cap on the reservoir put a
little rag underneath here because when
we put the cap back on it it's going to
splash a little bit
now take the diaphragm in the cap here
just pull it out extend it and put it
back into place
and that's it that's all it takes to
replace the fluid in your clutch
reservoir on your saturn s-series